
# Image and Audio Processing Project

## Overview

This project utilizes MATLAB for comprehensive image and audio processing tasks, aimed at enhancing both visual and auditory data analysis. Leveraging MATLAB's powerful capabilities, this project demonstrates advanced techniques in image manipulation, audio signal processing, and data visualization.

## Features

- **Image Processing**: Utilizes MATLAB's image processing toolbox to perform tasks such as image enhancement, filtering, segmentation, and feature extraction.
- **Audio Signal Processing**: Implements sophisticated audio processing techniques including filtering, spectral analysis, noise reduction, and audio visualization.
- **Data Visualization**: Utilizes MATLAB's plotting functions to visualize processed image and audio data, facilitating in-depth analysis and interpretation.
- **User Interaction**: Incorporates user-friendly interfaces and interactive elements to enable seamless interaction with the processed data.

## Usage

1. **MATLAB Installation**: Ensure MATLAB is installed on your system.
2. **Clone Repository**: Clone this repository to your local machine.
    ```
    git clone https://github.com/adel-movahedian/Image-and-audio-processing
    ```
3. **Navigate to Directory**: Change directory to the project folder.
    ```
    cd image-audio-processing
    ```
4. **Run MATLAB Scripts**: Execute MATLAB scripts to perform image and audio processing tasks.
5. **Interact with Results**: Explore the processed images and audio files generated by the scripts. Utilize provided visualizations for deeper insights.

## Dependencies

- MATLAB R2021 or higher
- Additional MATLAB toolboxes may be required depending on specific functionalities utilized in the scripts.

## Acknowledgments

- Special thanks to the contributors and developers of MATLAB and its toolboxes for providing powerful tools for image and audio processing.
- Acknowledge any specific libraries or resources used in the project.

## Support

For any inquiries or assistance regarding this project, please contact [adel.mov1382@gmail.com](adel.mov1382@gmail.com).
